this month during the lockdown we are
paying tribute to those who are on the
front lines in tonight's healthcare hero
is an ICU nurse at Beth Israel Deaconess
Medical Center in Boston
her name is Taylor Chase Meyers and she
joins us now from her home ello Taylor
hi Jimmy thank you for joining us it's
more of an honor to meet you I
understand you've been working very long
shifts huh
extremely long chefs you know I work
night shifts so you know it's busy at
night and there's less staff so it's um
you know it's it's tough you work what
like 7 to 7 12-hour shifts is that a
normal shift have you have you ever seen
anything like this before
yeah so you know 7 8 normal shift but um
have I seen anything like this Koba 19
before well we had a crisis in Boston in
2013 and I worked in the trauma ICU then
and the Boston Marathon bombing was like
huge for our city and you know it was
you know a catastrophe but it wasn't the
exact same because this you feel like
you're more susceptible to the illness
and everything of the patient with that
it was just you know you didn't have
your own worry of you getting sick or
your family getting sick what is it like
at the hospital where you're working I
mean are people on edge how our people
holding up there I mean there's like an
overlying tension um in general and it's
like hugely anxiety provoking but in
general our hospital is like and Boston
in general like our health care workers
are strong and resilient and like we
lean on each other our time so we have
that and I feel like we'll get through
it but it's I mean it's definitely like
this weird like you know tense area do
you have all the supplies that you need
at the hospital I mean honestly every
hospital needs more PPE
I think that's like in general like
needs to be
like the number-one priority or like the
entire nation really you also have two
little kids right how old are your kids
yeah my my son is three his name is
Quinn and my daughter Sawyer is 18
months and your husband I understand
also has been working helping to find
childcare for people who are affected
and infected by the virus yeah he is an
attorney for the Department of early
education and care and he's been working
tirelessly from home to set up emergency
child care for all like the frontline
personnel of Massachusetts well I don't
think we could find a more deserving
family to honor so we wanted to do our
friends at Lavazza coffee want to give
you first of all $10,000 to do whatever
you like with however you want to you
could you could buy 10 rolls of toilet
paper or whatever you get now also they
are gonna donate they are gonna donate
4500 bags of coffee to your hospital to
the workers there which hopefully will
keep you guys going and awake and
they've donated fifty thousand bags of
coffee to other hospitals across the
country and we just wanted to say thank
you I mean I don't know how many times
we could ever say thank you to be
grateful enough for what you're risking
and what you're doing but we are all of
us I think you you probably know that
and I hope you're you're hearing that
from people in person as well yeah I
mean we so appreciate the support it's
hugely tough to go to the hospital day
after day and night after night and then
have to come home to your family and
you're worried about bringing anything
home or just being infected personally
and and just like the support and the
laughs from you Jimmy is like super
helpful to keep our mental health and
spirit up well thank you we again we
appreciate everything you do take care
of those kids and thank you for doing
everything that you are doing right now
if you have a health care hero you would
like to nominate to be honored on our
show
just post about it using the hashtag
healthcare hero
thank you very much Taylor take care
thank you so much Jimmy